[IRIS] The prince‐‐
he always puzzled me.
Reserved as he was,
there was something
about him that struck me.
A tempered look in his eyes.
A calm that could
only come from a storm.
[IRIS]
I found it quite strange.
I could tell at once that
he was the heir to
the King of Darkness.
But he was kind and shy‐‐
the opposite of what I expected.
I worried that someone like him
might not be able
to inherit the throne.
And also, I worried that
I would never get the chance
to have a meaningful
conversation with him.
It's all black.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I swear
I will help you bring
peace to this world.
You have my word.
[IRIS]
A promise.
[BLUE CAT 09A meows]
[IRIS gasps]
[IRIS grunts]
[AIDE 01A]
Commander Phious.
[PHIOUS]
Sir.
I hear the troops of Black
attacked the city, too.
Can you confirm these reports?
[PHIOUS] There weren't
many of them, but yes.
They came to the city.
To Metis as well.
Though I suspect
they were just scouts.
[AIDE 01A]
Hmm. What now, my queen?
We are beset on all sides.
How should we go about
our kingdom's defense?
Alert the garrisons,
and then increase the watch.
The moment we
detect an enemy force,
I'll fly towards it.
They may attack
elsewhere at the same time.
Therefore, most of
our knights and mages
will stand by at the palace,
ready to counter the
enemy's movements.
I'll follow swiftly as I can.
Right.
As you command, my queen.
[IRIS gasps]
[AIDE 01A]
Hm?
[SHEAMA]
Mm?
Queen Iris, this pains me,
but I must ask
to leave your side.
[SHEAMA gasps]
Why?
Sir Phious.
As a Knight of Light, my
greatest duty is to serve you.
I will do anything
to keep you safe.
Forgive me for
speaking so bluntly,
but it's apparent that
you're still exhausted
from your previous battles.
Which is why we
should stay with her.
Queen Iris needs our
support now more than ever‐‐
I realize that.
I plan to search for a way to
quickly restore her strength,
and then return at once.
But you can't.
Who do you expect to lead
the knights while you're away?
Our kingdom needs its queen.
She is its heart and its soul.
She is also its
strongest defender.
Therefore, her
health is paramount.
Sir Phious, I appreciate
your concern but don't worry.
I'll recover eventually.
Yes, but‐‐
Phious!
For the time being,
let's get our troops prepared.
Give the knights drills to run;
the mages as well.
Just ensure that none of
them exhaust themselves.
[SHEAMA]
Right.
Right...
[PHIOUS]
Sheama.
[SHEAMA]
Mm?
I meant what I said.
We need the Queen's strength.
[SHEAMA] We also need
our Knight Commander.
You can't just abandon us
on the eve of a battle.
I won't be gone for long.
And I'll be leaving
my knights behind.
I've no doubt that
they'll fight well.
And why's that?
Who's going to lead them?
[PHIOUS]
You will... until I return.
[SHEAMA]
There's no way. Are you kidding?
Should I put on armor and
pick up a sword while I'm at it?
If you won't then
I'll have to ask Theo.
[gasps] Just let this go.
Queen Iris will never
approve your plan.
And without any leads, it'll
just be a waste of time.
I have one.
[SHEAMA]
I see.
[SHEAMA] Please refrain from
doing anything rash, Commander.
[ALANTIA]
Ah. You're here about the queen.
[PHIOUS]
Yes. I was hoping that you would
know of a way to
help her, Lord Alantia.
[ALANTIA]
I may know one.
That said, it could
prove dangerous.
Oh? How so?
The Queen fought Bahl,
and in the wake of
that great battle,
she found herself
quite weakened.
[ALANTIA]
At first glance,
it looks like
Her Majesty is better.
But she overworked
the magical nerves
that she uses to cast spells,
and they still need
time to recover.
Pure soul permeates the
atmosphere of this kingdom.
Ordinarily, we'd just wait for
its effects to heal
her naturally, but...
I know where pure
soul is condensed‐‐
where its blessings
are stronger:
The Inland Spring
produces Shining Droplets.
If we can collect them,
then they can heal her.
[PHIOUS]
The Shining... Droplets.
But it's a dangerous prospect.
The spring is quite
difficult to reach.
Even for Sir Phious,
Knight‐commander,
and Alantia,
leader of the elves?
[ALANTIA] Hmph. Who can say?
We would just have to try.
Then please, show me the way.
Hold on. What of the war?
[PHIOUS gasps] I argued
that this took precedence,
and the Queen granted me leave.
That's surprising.
But since you're here,
I will aid you in this endeavor.
[PHIOUS gasps]
[SHEAMA]
Become manifest!
[MAGES]
[SHEAMA]
One of the seven great powers:
[MAGES]
Cage of Affection.
‐‐[SHEAMA sings]
‐‐[MAGES] Pura Lucem...
[MAGE 09C]
Wow. It worked.
[SHEAMA gasps]
[MAGE 09A]
Lady Sheama!
[MAGES chattering]
[SHEAMA groans]
Don't lose focus,
no matter what happens.
[MAGE 09D]
Lady Sheama.
This linked incantation
draws a great deal
of power from the rune.
More than anyone can
handle... including me.
If just one caster
loses focus or falters,
the spell will fail and cause a
backlash.
Is that what caused
you to collapse?
‐‐[MAGE 09C] It's our fault.
‐‐[MAGE 09D] How awful.
The Armies of Black are
threatening our borders.
No one can fight
back but the Queen,
her honorable Knights
of Light, and you:
the finest mages in White.
If we're to defend the
people of our kingdom,
all of us must work as one.
[MAGES gasp]
[SHEAMA]
Now, one more time.
[MAGES]
Ma'am!
[SHEAMA]
Become manifest‐‐
[KNIGHT 09A]
Lady Sheama!
Is something the matter?
[KNIGHT 09A]
It's the commander!
Sir Phious is missing!
[SHEAMA gasps]
He really left?!
[SHEAMA] Queen Iris.
I'm sorry, but Phious has‐
Yes, I heard.
[SHEAMA] He must have gone to
look for a treatment for you.
What should we do?
We can't afford to pursue him.
We can only pray for his return.
If we're attacked before
he comes back, then so be it.
Right.
I'm so sorry, my queen.
Don't be, Sheama.
You have nothing
to apologize for.
[IRIS]
Now, back to the tower.
Continue your drills.
[SHEAMA]
Right.
It's this way.
[PHIOUS]
Down there?
[ALANTIA] Few who have
entered have ever returned.
Will you go?
Well, I'm not about
to get cold feet now.
[ALANTIA]
Very well. Let's proceed.
[PHIOUS]
Right.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I can't tell anyone about
my meeting with the queen,
or the promises we made.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
The skyship was waiting,
ready to take me back
to the Kingdom of Black.
Back "home."
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I don't know if it's connected
to what happened with Adel,
but I've been denied
access to the palace.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS] It isn't
really much of an inconvenience.
I'll be fine.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
But the Queen of Light, Iris...
...her small shoulders
are carrying so much.
Not just the weight
of her kingdom's people‐‐
the weight of the world.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I'll help her. I'll find a way.
She may be a queen,
but no one should have to
endure that kind of hardship.
Not on their own.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Wait for me,
and someday I'll
come back to you.
[yelling]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS,
VALLUS grunting]
That's enough!
[VALLUS] How do you feel
after your trip to White?
I had hoped it would
sharpen your focus.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Vallus.
What is it?
Are you okay with
the way things are?
[VALLUS]
Hm?
[VALLUS] It's war. The people
of White are once again enemies.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
[VALLUS]
Such is His Majesty's will.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
But is it right?
Is what right?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Do you think the king
always had a black heart,
or did the throne change him?
[VALLUS]
There is power in darkness.
And in Black, the king is the
source of that power.
His authority is absolute
beyond questioning.
It's just the way
of the world, right?
For the time being,
I think it would
behoove you to accept that.
It's the nature of
darkness to envelop all.
Good... evil... everything.
Darkness grows.
It is a veil that
must never be lifted.
It will continue to expand as
long as there is space for it.
And that has been
the truth of this world
since it came into being.
But hasn't anyone ever
bothered to question that?
No one really knows
if black and white,
light and dark are meant
to struggle like they do.
Why should we think that
things are as they should be?
[VALLUS]
Believe it or not,
but I think that His Majesty
might wonder the same thing.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I bet he does.
But this path of conquest
and destruction...
...it might just
make things worse.
"Once darkness wins the war,
our world will finally
be able to rest."
I feel like that
idea is deceptive.
This isn't for you
to decide. Not yet.
It's the king's duty
to lead and show results.
It's not my place
to pass judgment
on the future based
on vague speculation.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I know.
When your time comes
to ascend to the throne,
you may plot
whatever path you wish
and use me to
carve it into being.
Thank you, Vallus.
No. You have nothing to
thank me for just yet.
Raise your weapon.
You do still hope
to surpass me, right?
Of course. Huh?
[GROZA panting]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Groza!
Do you have news?
His Highness and I
have been instructed
to exterminate some savage
monsters out on the frontier.
Instructed?
By the king. His Majesty
said that they're too powerful
for our soldiers to handle.
Are we to leave immediately?
[GROZA] That's right.
It sounds like an emergency.
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Vallus.
Yes. Your army
is assembled, my king.
What of the vanguard?
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Sent.
[VALLUS] Understood.
I'll follow with haste.
[KING OF DARKNESS] The side of
light has been veiled in shadow.
Faced with the full
might of darkness,
it will be snuffed
out with ease.
[GROZA]
I'm told that the monsters
were last seen somewhere nearby.
This place is a real maze.
It'll be hard to keep
track of where we‐‐ [gasps]
[GROZA gasps]
[GROZA]
There they are.
[MONSTERS snarl]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunting]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
[GROZA]
That seemed too easy.
I don't feel like these
were the right monsters.
Let's look a bit further.
Let's!
Hey, listen.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Hm? What's wrong?
Um... nothing?
[whistling]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
That ship.
[GROZA]
It looks like the king really
is determined to conquer White,
even now.
[gasps] Watch out!
[GROZA grunts]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunting]
[GROZA yelps]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS gasps]
[GROZA screa, s]
Groza, no!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
[GROZA yelps]
You jumped for me.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
We're safe now.
Thank you. I'm in your debt.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Don't sweat it. But what now?
How do we get back up?
[GROZA]
Yeah. Good question.
Let's go through there!
There's our monster.
Are you ready?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
All right!
[GROZA]
Huh?! 'Kay...
Fine!
[GROZA gasps]
[METIS MAGE 09A]
Lady Sheama!
We've spotted
Darkness outside Metis.
They're attacking both
our cities at once.
How should we proceed?
[SHEAMA]
Try to stay calm.
Draw them in and intercept them.
I'll head there
as quickly as I can.